Road Con bar Byun and hope to the card introduction of Aikatsu to be in the front of the eye
I'm sorry
Since I started with 23 of the examination 2010 and
Yup
I'd know that I'm looking at is milo who is not also come so much Kadono type
If it isn't every time only for Aikatsu, there are few kinds of all but you can see
I'm happy
Here is the ic card this is I of this access campaign
It is a campaign
A little luck because Toka in Toichi Gozen can not be two dogs at Yes myself I'd want
I would like to
The name is not 's Toka maybe Bar Ware, along with to the strike order in which the set up st
Yes my
First of all side by side
When
I am glad to see Martha ball
Most of the new 3 bullets were released by myself, but in fact
U
Those for which it makes a successful bid in the auction is almost Conservancy jet here is a picture of the key-chan
Is
Accessor day
There still Re
Here is still that's a child of the child also
It is degree 2 and boot accessories here, too
The rest is almost ready
Good but I have little card because I started from discontinued mountain
This Mariya-chan is Haetto new Sunlight is not and I will do my best in my Tadashi of
I was troubled not to go out at all, but I did my best to put out 4 sheets
The rest is almost normal
It becomes almost normal from here
It is an auction with all the pro parts
Memo I think it would be nice if you had Hamada each piece
It becomes like this Yes for now
Four days
Since it is normal, I will introduce it after it shakes
Duplication after surviving version has only this
This is already
And part of the registration the number of people wonder if should I Yuzure as a comparison of the products here if been increasingly registered bidder
I think
After that
Layer as when to replace the original
Village of premium rares and so on
It is a campaign
It is a sound but I am in this peace stamp
This side is
specification
I can go to the bucket Honey supplement
Princess fairy tale skirt
Crystal aquaria
Ward area scrivener cart
Lovely kiss authentication and was
It is kura here liked darkness regarding whether at the local
You can also exchange Ender's cards if dark sea yonder has started too
I think I Kana and if
Please do not wish such as storage because He keeps the public not at all anymore meet the basic
Thank you for watching